Now, William Carlos Williams.
Here I am.
We both [forgot] his poems, later poems that New Directions has published.
So, he says he can’t read any problems because he doesn't know them by heart.
I bet you know some of those little ones, don't you?
Very little one you mean?
Yes, let’s hear a very little one.
Hmm.
It's an old one.
Well, there is one, called “The Red Wheelbarrow” that people seem to enjoy.
Do “The Red Wheelbarrow.”
You’d like “The Red Wheelbarrow”?
Yes, I would.
Let’s see if I can really remember it.
It's uh.
so much dependsupona
[the] red wheelbarrow
glazed with rainwater
beside the whitechickens
Good for you.
The poem.
See [he likes] it.
One little mistake, I should have said “a red wheelbarrow,” but that’s all right.
Maybe you ought to do it again.
so much dependsupona red wheelbarrow
glazed with rainwaterbeside the whitechickens